Update login-policy.md to mention api keys (#567)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/policy/login-policy.md

Login policies can allow users to log in to the account, and optionally give them admin privileges, too. Unlike all other policy types, login policies are global and can't be attached to individual stacks. They take effect immediately once they're created and affect all future login attempts.

> !!! API Keys are considered virtual users which are also evaluated with policy when login policy is turned on

Reviewer: If the api key is in the "root" space and an admin key, it will not be evaluated in the login policy and will instead be treated as a global admin. This might create a little confusion in that case.

![Screenshot 2024-07-30 at 3 12 22 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8a35db6a-dd53-49b8-9016-c5cfadd511d1)

Author: Thanks!  I've updated the commit to add your comment as well

Author: [https://github.com/spacelift-io/user-documentation/pull/567/files](https://github.com/spacelift-io/user-documentation/pull/567/files)

Login policies can allow users to log in to the account, and optionally give them admin privileges, too. Unlike all other policy types, login policies are global and can't be attached to individual stacks. They take effect immediately once they're created and affect all future login attempts.

!!! info

>     API Keys are as considered virtual users and if they are not set in the "root" space and with an admin key they will be evaluated with login policies when login policies are turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    API Keys are treated as virtual users and they will be evaluated with your login policy when enabled. However, if an API Key resides in the ‘root’ space with ‘admin’ privileges, it will **not** be subject to the login policy and will instead be considered an account admin.
```

How does something like this sound? Its hard to words this without causing a ton of confusion IMO.

Author: That's from a previous commit that's why it shows as outdated.  This is the latest one:

```
API Keys are essentially virtual users so they get evaluated with login policy except for ones in the "root" space set with admin key.
```

https://github.com/spacelift-io/user-documentation/pull/567/commits/b242cadd0175aa54c3ac5ea22fd7ee113f37c0b8
